README.rst, before:

Testing Octopus package in spack (`spack-ci-octopus`)
=====================================================

Support repository for packaging of the `OCTOPUS code <http://octopus-code.org>`__ package in
`Spack <http://spack.readthedocs.io>`__.

There are (at least two different) error types that can lead to a problem with compiling Octopus through spack:

1. changes to the octopus specific packaging instructions or newer versions of
octopus. In particular, this is the ``octopus/package.py`` file within spack. To
run tests before we suggest changes to this file, we have used the 
https://github.com/fangohr/octopus-in-spack repository.

2. changes to spack overall: changes in spack behaviour through new spack
releases, changes to third party libraries octopus depends on, changes due to
global reformatting of spack files, etc. This repository (at
https://github.com/fangohr/spack-ci-octopus) is meant to detect these changes
more easily.

Status
------

The following targets clone spack, and attempt to install octopus through spack.
The instructions are embedded in `this Dockerfile <Dockerfile>`__.

They following targets all use the default version of octopus (i.e. what spack
would install if we run `spack install octopus`).

We try different versions of Spack:

- |spack-develop-octopus-stable| Spack develop version (git head), latest octopus release
- |spack-latest-octopusdev| Spack latest release, Octopus develop 
- |spack-latest-octopus-stable| Spack latest release, Octopus 12.2
- |spack-v0.19.2-octopus-stable| Spack release 0.19.2, Octopus 12.1
- |spack-v0.19.1-octopus-stable| Spack release 0.19.1, Octopus 12.1
- |spack-v0.19.0-octopus-stable| Spack release 0.19.0, Octopus 12.1
- |spack-v0.18.1-octopus-stable| Spack release 0.18.1, Octopus 11.4

.. |spack-latest-octopus-stable| image:: https://github.com/fangohr/spack-ci-octopus/actions/workflows/spack-latest.yml/badge.svg
   :target: https://github.com/fangohr/spack-ci-octopus/actions/workflows/spack-latest.yml

.. |spack-v0.19.2-octopus-stable| image:: https://github.com/fangohr/spack-ci-octopus/actions/workflows/spack-v0.19.2.yml/badge.svg
   :target: https://github.com/fangohr/spack-ci-octopus/actions/workflows/spack-v0.19.2.yml

.. |spack-v0.19.1-octopus-stable| image:: https://github.com/fangohr/spack-ci-octopus/actions/workflows/spack-v0.19.1.yml/badge.svg
   :target: https://github.com/fangohr/spack-ci-octopus/actions/workflows/spack-v0.19.1.yml

.. |spack-v0.19.0-octopus-stable| image:: https://github.com/fangohr/spack-ci-octopus/actions/workflows/spack-v0.19.0.yml/badge.svg
   :target: https://github.com/fangohr/spack-ci-octopus/actions/workflows/spack-v0.19.0.yml

.. |spack-v0.18.1-octopus-stable| image:: https://github.com/fangohr/spack-ci-octopus/actions/workflows/spack-v0.18.1.yml/badge.svg
   :target: https://github.com/fangohr/spack-ci-octopus/actions/workflows/spack-v0.18.1.yml

.. |spack-develop-octopus-stable| image:: https://github.com/fangohr/spack-ci-octopus/actions/workflows/spack-develop.yml/badge.svg
   :target: https://github.com/fangohr/spack-ci-octopus/actions/workflows/spack-develop.yml

.. |spack-latest-octopusdev| image:: https://github.com/fangohr/spack-ci-octopus/actions/workflows/spack-latest-octopusdev.yml/badge.svg
   :target: https://github.com/fangohr/spack-ci-octopus/actions/workflows/spack-latest-octopusdev.yml

Commit message:

remove v0.19.0 and v0.19.1 (keep v0.19.2), update docu

README.rst, after:

Testing Octopus package in spack (`spack-ci-octopus`)
=====================================================

Support repository for packaging of the `OCTOPUS code <http://octopus-code.org>`__ package in
`Spack <http://spack.readthedocs.io>`__.

There are (at least two different) error types that can lead to a problem with compiling Octopus through spack:

1. changes to the octopus specific packaging instructions or newer versions of
octopus. In particular, this is the ``octopus/package.py`` file within spack. To
run tests before we suggest changes to this file, we have used the 
https://github.com/fangohr/octopus-in-spack repository.

2. changes to spack overall: changes in spack behaviour through new spack
releases, changes to third party libraries octopus depends on, changes due to
global reformatting of spack files, etc. This repository (at
https://github.com/fangohr/spack-ci-octopus) is meant to detect these changes
more easily.

Status
------

The following targets clone spack, and attempt to install octopus through spack.
The instructions are embedded in `this Dockerfile <Dockerfile>`__.

They following targets all use the default version of octopus (i.e. what spack
would install if we run `spack install octopus`).

We try different versions of spack (typically the last update for every minor
release). Each version of spack has one "recommended" version of Octopus
(typically the most recent Octopus release at the time of the spack release):

- |spack-develop-octopus-stable| Spack develop version (git head), latest octopus release
- |spack-latest-octopusdev| Spack latest release, Octopus develop (git head)
- |spack-latest-octopus-stable| Spack latest release, Octopus ??.?
- |spack-v0.19.2-octopus-stable| Spack release 0.19.2, Octopus 12.1
- |spack-v0.18.1-octopus-stable| Spack release 0.18.1, Octopus 11.4

.. |spack-latest-octopus-stable| image:: https://github.com/fangohr/spack-ci-octopus/actions/workflows/spack-latest.yml/badge.svg
   :target: https://github.com/fangohr/spack-ci-octopus/actions/workflows/spack-latest.yml

.. |spack-v0.19.2-octopus-stable| image:: https://github.com/fangohr/spack-ci-octopus/actions/workflows/spack-v0.19.2.yml/badge.svg
   :target: https://github.com/fangohr/spack-ci-octopus/actions/workflows/spack-v0.19.2.yml

.. |spack-v0.18.1-octopus-stable| image:: https://github.com/fangohr/spack-ci-octopus/actions/workflows/spack-v0.18.1.yml/badge.svg
   :target: https://github.com/fangohr/spack-ci-octopus/actions/workflows/spack-v0.18.1.yml

.. |spack-develop-octopus-stable| image:: https://github.com/fangohr/spack-ci-octopus/actions/workflows/spack-develop.yml/badge.svg
   :target: https://github.com/fangohr/spack-ci-octopus/actions/workflows/spack-develop.yml

.. |spack-latest-octopusdev| image:: https://github.com/fangohr/spack-ci-octopus/actions/workflows/spack-latest-octopusdev.yml/badge.svg
   :target: https://github.com/fangohr/spack-ci-octopus/actions/workflows/spack-latest-octopusdev.yml
